---
title: Cybersec Matrix Community
layout: "base.njk"
---

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in my Certified Ethical Hacker class, and I've been involved in numerous secret hacks with Anonymous, and I have over 300 confirmed CVEs. I am trained in cyber warfare and I'm the top penetration tester in the entire US chair forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with vulnerabilities the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, normie. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of 4chan posters across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, you NPC. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can hack you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my Corsair Straife CherryMX Blue keyboard. Not only am I extensively trained in Nessus scanning, but I have access to the entire arsenal of Gentoo Linux and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
